examples: document expiry workflow design patterns (#6604)
cylc/cylc-flow: cylc/flow/etc/examples/expiry/index.rst

.. _examples.expiry:

Expiring Tasks / Cycles
-----------------------

Cylc is often used to write workflows which monitor real-world events.

For example, this workflow will run the task ``foo`` every day at 00:00am:

.. code-block:: cylc

   [scheduling]
      initial cycle point = previous(T00)
      [[graph]]
          P1D = """
              @wall_clock => foo
          """

Sometimes such workflows might get behind, e.g. due to failures or slow task
execution. In this situation, it might be necessary to skip a few tasks in
order for the workflow to catch up with the real-world time.

> Cylc has a concept called :ref:`expiry <ClockExpireTasks>` which allows tasks
> to be automatcially "expired" if they are running behind schedule. The expiry
> can be configred as an offset from the cycle time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cylc has a concept called :ref:`expiry <ClockExpireTasks>` which allows tasks
to be automatically "expired" if they are running behind schedule. The expiry
can be configured as an offset from the cycle time.
```
